 10346|0|What's the point here ? The story went nowhere , he ended up where he started , he failed in his quest and he can look forward to a lonely life with idiot in-laws . Plus , the movie was just plain boring ( seeing Kathy Bates naked didn't help , either ) . Real inspiring . . . . .
 10900|0|What about him ?
 11726|0|Different ? Yes . If you ever decide to watch this movie you better have a 12 pack or a gun . Because you are gonna wanna get drunk or kill yourself . I watched it at the drive-in and cars were passing each other to get out of the damn place .
 11838|0|Simply put , this one isn't true to the cartoon at all ! Instead , it ignores the great cartoon that was its inspiration and relies on the crutch of cliches that make up the typical teen comedy movie . Let's see , that's profanity , disrespectful attitudes from the protagnoists and sex jokes . Believe me , watch the cartoon instead . It's even got a laugh track !
 12115|0|Adam Sandler sucks !
 12129|0|NOT EVEN WORTH TAKING OUT ON VIDEO !
 12178|0|please don't see this movie . please
 12188|0|I wish we could rate topics in the negatives , I would have to rate this a -5 then . The plot was a joke , thank god Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels didn't accept this sequel . It still would have sucked .
 12193|0|Actually , if Bob Saget's cameo was the only humourous thing about this movie , that should tell you how horrendous it truly is . Just a horrible waste of space . . . why anyone would waste money on it is beyond me . . .
 12219|0|Ignorance . Anyone who wastes money even renting this movie should do a serious mental evaluation .
 12478|0|A mentally ill creep passes judgement on children in this creepy movie . The fat kid is despised and reviled simply for enjoying chocolate . He never even gets a chance to show his personality because he's the first to go . The singers call him disgusting and repulsive . No wonder fat kids at school have double the rate of suicide attempts ! Why is it ok to hurt fat kids ?
 12648|0|Pathetic .
 12672|0|Yet , another lousy overrated remake .
 12794|0|gross . IMO .
 13543|0|I can not believe that this picture got best picture ! I hadn't seen it before then so had to go rent it . I was enormously disappointed . This movie is about as highly rated as Magnolia . Both movies suck'
 13761|0|suck
 13976|0|My all-time least favorite movie . Took me 4 times to get to the end . Wish I would have never started watching this piece of trash . . . .
 14231|0|This movie is very bad . It shouldn't have won best picture
 14280|0|One of the most violent , useless movies ever made . Not as bad as A Clockwork Orange , however .
 14820|0|I hated this British drama . It only glorified drug use and stupidity . The movie is highly overrated and a waste of time to watch .
 14896|0|Is Mel Gibson acting out some long suppressed hatred for an old history teacher ? That seems like the only explanation for all these unhistorical pieces of crap he does ?
 15074|0|Walt Disney Pictures should of produced this movie since it dealt with Fantasyland from beginning to end . . .
 15152|0|whatever ! this movie sucked .
 16341|0|Mel Gibson is a pandering opportunist who creates intense images that play on our religious and emotional sensitivities . The bible says that Jesus died for our sins but the economics of this movie proves that Mel Gibson is dying for our wallet . If he were anything better , he would be showing it in theaters for free .
 16488|0|This movie sucked ! ! I watched it because my daughter loves it , but I just thought it was terrible . Partly because I can't follow Shakespeare quite that quickly and partly because Shakespeare's version was a love story- this version was a story about gangs .
 16641|0|The most overrated film I've seen since Shrek 2 . ( And that was just last May ! ! ! ) One of the worst and most boring films I've ever saw .
 16727|0|This film gets my vote for the most Beautiful Looking Terrible Film of all time . It's like staring at a postcard for 2 hours ! Every teeny-tiny detail that goes into making a movie was time wasted in this case . Truly awful stuff .
 16906|0|A horrible movie that is R-rated and promotes depravity all across the board , everyone should be ashamed of this trashy movie . Boycott this terror , now ! Eminem . . . arrested soon . . . let's hope !
 17018|0|Gross , sick , disgusting , no purpose and defiantely not worth the money to see or hire . Sure it has the great actor Christian Bale , but it doesn't do anything for the audience . It is also at most points confusing and u get mixed up with what is real and unreal . A bit of weird , gross movie that isn't worth a look . Just read the title American Psycho
 17198|0|HORRIBLE ! ! ! !
 17246|0|Oh my God ! I am SO damn sick of hearing about JLo and Affleck ! let it die stupid media !
 17299|0|This is the most overrated foreign film ever . The moral of the story seems to be this : If something bad is happening , lie about it , make life into a game , and you'll be a hero . This is , by far , the most dishonest depiction of the holocaust that I have ever seen .
 17834|0|This was supposed to be a horror film , but Kubrick's ego forced him to attempt an artsy , comical film with those absurd hidden messages all combined with the horror and all he did was ruin the actual tale from the novel and make a proposterous movie . Truly pathetic stuff .
 18142|0|I fell asleep halfway through this crap . It and the Exorcist are the 2 least scary movies I have seen .
 18179|0|January 15 , 2004 . I saw the first trailer for the Dawn of the Dead remake . I asked my father about . He said , Yeah . It's an old zombie movie made in the 70s . Later , I figured out that it was The greatest zombie movie ever . March 14 , 2004 , I saw it . It was the stupidest thing I had ever seen ( and i've seen House of the Dead ) . Terrible acting . Unrealistic zombies . No action . Pointless . No where near as good as the remake . This movie sucked . Almost all of Romero's movies suck . Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead , and a couple of non-zombie movies he did . They all sucked . Do not watch this movie .
 18297|0|If you want to get scared watch Halloween not this garbage .
 18520|0|I hate scary movies . I don't get scared really easily and I find it pointless to watch , a waste of time . All the sequels of Scream are the same .
 18722|0|Visually stunning , but poorly written and horribly acted . Keanu and Winona were miscast . They can't do the accents !
 18878|0|AHHHHHHH ! OH MY GOD ! ! This movie scared the crap outta me ! ! I couldn't sleep because of The stupid , creepy clown that clown was so so freaky and scary I was extremly scared oh my gosh everytime I see that movie in the store I scream for real ! !
  1904|0|John Woo proves once again that he is the worst diector ever . This joke of a movie features a nonsensical story line , highlighted by boring dialogue and awkward action sequences . The only value this movie brought was the knowledge that Nicholas Cage can dodge upwards of 2 , 000 bullets per second .
 19206|0|The only thing scary about this movie is the fact that it EXISTS . It seems that you either love or hate Q . Tarantino's work , and I guess I fall in the latter camp . The gratuitous violence and T A don't really do much , and it seems like the script originated from a role-playing game gone terribly awry . The movie doesn't just switch gears halfway through , it mutates into a really really bad vampire movie ( not that I've seen many good ones , but man , this one is probably one of the worst ) . If you like Tarantino's stuff , this might be alright . Otherwise , I'd suggest a new movie .
 19420|0|made no sense at all
 19788|0|This movie sucks like nothing has ever sucked before . Anyone who had anything to do with the making of this mess needs to apologize to all the fans of the REAL Friday the 13th films .
 19873|0|Enough stupid halloween movies .
 19973|0|Its stupid . If your wanna see this , why not rent a couple more movies that suck like the blair witch or maybe ticks .
 19996|0|This movie was terrible ! If you haven't seen this movie yet dont bother . You will fall asleep during it .
 20067|0|My advice - do not rent , buy or even waste your time watching this thing with friends . Unless , of course , you're in the mood to make fun of something that will barely challenge your skills in sarcasm . It is by far the most inane but successful waste of celluloid I have ever had the displeasure of witnessing . As much as I hate to admit it , I bought a $ 6 . 00 bargain copy - suckered in by my own curiosity and the cagey promotional stunt as seen on the Sci-Fi channel . Sci-Fi's promotional documentary , while very shrewd and effective , was still basically a big fat lie . Still , it was more cleverly done and coherently put together than the actual film . I completely agree with Molfan - 90 minutes of your life you will never get back .
 20129|0|This was the worst movie ever made ! ! It was a waste of money and a waste of hype . The whole idea of not giving the actors a script is ridiculous . If there is no script , then how can any story be told . In my opinion , this movie was a waste of my time and $ 7 . 00 .
 20342|0|Not scary , just disgusting .
 20412|0|The worst sequel I have ever seen . ( That includes Caddyshack 2 )
 20808|0|Long , drawn out and sleep inducing . One of worst wastes of money I have ever seen . THe plot was predictable and boring . Couldn't wait to get out the theater , even though It was over 100 degrees outside !
  2085|0|Sensless movie , bad acting , bad direction , horrible script , just good special effects . Good movie for airheads .
 21027|0|Annoying garbage . Would be just fine if this was a grade 11 film student's effort . For professionals , just appalling .
 21226|0|Painfully bad . The music is a mix of good and very bad . The actual movie is just ridiculous .
 21317|0|This piece of trash is a total embarassment to anyone even remotely associated with it , an insult to the underlying concept that was gravely compromised and perverted , and total torture to anyone who might happen to view it . It's a quest for failure when one tries to develop a feature film from something as minor and narrow as an album concept , but the pinheads who bankrolled and churned out this bucket of vomit apparently didn't let caveat thinking get in their way . And any creative project with The World's Lamest Pop Band , those absolutely obnoxious , tone deaf and wimped out Bee Gees , is doomed to be a total disaster . Involving those pathetic Beatle-wannabes in this suspect initiative was the final Death Sentence .
 21338|0|More trash from Moriah Carey . Get it through your skulls people , she can't sing !
 21356|0|Why couldn't they leave Grease alone ?
  2136|0|'Not a Matt Damon fan . Went to see it only because my g / f wanted . . . Finally , I couldn't stand it . I walked out and left said g / f there to get her ya-ya's . Damon looks more like a secret agent intern .
 21432|0|I would like to strangle my parents for making me watch this as much as I'd like to strangle my friends for forcing me to watch the NEW ones ( even if they did pay ) . You sit through these Staar Wars movie , you loose interest , you think about anything but the movie , trying not to fall asleep .
 21523|0|I hated Stars Wars , Revenge od the Sith . I thought is was soooo stupid . I don't see why it was such a big deal to be released . I am so glad that this was the last one & I won't ever have to hear about Stars Wars after this .
 22793|0|I joyfully pass on all the Potter garbage , books and movies .
 22795|0|The only reason I saw this movie is because everyone was reading the books , how foolish I was . I hated this movie because it was boring and uninteresting . The plot was pathetic and simplistic . I wish in these childish movies that good lost againest evil for once so they wouldnt bother me with the next movie .
 23693|0|This movie was completely without merit . From unbelievable plot lines to some of the most authentic 1970 special effects and graphics I've ever seen , this movie had a terrible odor which could not be extinguished . I am utterly amazed that the others rating this movie have managed to rate it so high . The characters are so unbelievably shallow and the plot so predictable , that I found myself laughing as each character was picked off . If you should decide to ignore my warning and watch this movie , be ready to laugh , and keep in mind that the law of energy conservation cannot be upheld by the theory set forth in this movie . I like Vin Diesel , and I know the girls find him hot , but he made a huge mistake when he made this .
 23772|0|Independence Day isn't even a movie , it is a product . Something made to make money and make bundles of money for several different corporations . Next , this product is completly unbelievable and shallow . I could see something like this happening one day ( riiiight ) and I could see two doofuses like Will Smith and ( I actually really like this guy ) Jeff Goldblum getting an alien spaceship flying to the mother ship and takeing everything down with the help of an Apple computer laptop . This movie is made for people who like crap like Godzilla ( America's Mathew Broderick version ) , Dante's Peak and Deep Blue Sea . All show and no blow . Completley made for product placement and a large Gross . Go see it if you like ritualistic torture . I think I'll go to my room and watch The Day The Earth Stood Still . You go have fun with your kiddie movie .
 23773|0|Will Smith was terrible in Men In Black , so why would you sign him up to play another sci-fi based character ? ? ? Independence Day is one movie that I could have missed .
 24035|0|This movie was deplorable in every aspect ! From the slow boring beginning to the overly predictable ending , I could barely sit still through this movie . As tempted as I was to fastforward through the entire thing , I FORCED myself to sit through it in order to give it a fair rating . Granted , the movie producers were going for a black and white effect . Something classy . Memories from an archaic past . Blah blah blah . And this is the only reason why it got 1 star . No , that's not right . It's because I couldn't give it a BIG FAT 0 ! ! ! The violence in the movie was uncalled for . Even I felt sorry for those women in the movie and my wife had to leave the room because she was so offended . Thank God my daughters weren't home the night I chose to watch it . How somebody could write up such a ghastly horror wannabe flick is beyond me . It sure felt like a horror , only a cheaper , gross-out scale . Bravo to the producers / writers for giving more serial killers out there ideas on how to murder women . Now we have crazy men portrayed in such acts as hanging women's heads on walls as mantels and eating the live flesh from their fingers and forcing them to watch it being done . Enough said . This was absolute crap ! Don't waste your time ! I won't even mention the acting because there was not much of it to comment on .
 24209|0|One of the worst movies of this decade : awful , pretentious , and incredibly dull . The speech that Nick Nolte , ( playing the Hulk's sinister mad scientist father ) gives near the end , and his transformation into some sort of elemental creature are so laughably ludicrous that I almost couldn't believe my eyes and ears . Avoid if at all possible !
 24218|0|Awful movie ! By far the worst blockbuster of the year . What clumsy , pompous , lackluster boring directing this was . The only part of the movie that was true to the spirit of the comic was HULK battling the tanks . The dogs were dumb . Letting Banner's father , the person he hates most , talk to him , knowing he'll most likely piss him off and make em change into the HULK and escape was dumb . Making the HULK change in the water tank , without having a way to contain him was dumb . The ending was dumb . The script was so dadpan . The split screens and the soundtrack was oppressive and out of place . How can you make the HULK boring ? ? ? I felt nothing for Banner , unlike Bill Bixby's character , who I really sympathized with . Thanks Ang Kee for destroying what should have been a great and excited Marvel movie .
 24326|0|A screenplay that could have been better written by a dung-beetle . Cinematography below that of a high-school film project . A cast that takes turns seeing who could be least competent . Special effects that by the standards of today are mediocre to poor . All in all , one of the most wretched films that has ever disgraced the industry .
 24794|0|It bites , worse than a vampire with bad breathe .
 24809|0|Awful . An amazingly talented cast is wasted completely in this poorly written piece of trash of a film .
 24818|0|Wow ! I watched this movie because I was curious to see if it's actually as terrible as everyone says . And sure enough , it's shockingly bad . I'm not sure which aspect of Battlefield Earth stunk the most - the inane plot , the overdone acting , the ridiculous makeup / costumes , or the pathetic attempts to create drama by showing slow-motion shots of glass breaking every two minutes . How did three otherwise respected actors ( Travolta , Forest Whitaker , and Barry Pepper - who was great in Saving Private Ryan ) get themselves involved in such a worthless waste of time and money ?
  2725|0|I would normally never have watched this movie , but I was on a bus in Mexico and it happened to be the in-route movie . Long before it was over , I was hoping to be one of those stories you hear about where a bus in Mexico collides with another , or perhaps hurtles off a cliff . I knew how Oedipus felt when he blinded himself--and all he had done is slept with his mother ; I had to sit through the length of this absolutely worthless drivel passing itself off as entertainment . I honestly don't understand why this movie was popular with anyone other than the most dedicated masochists .
  2729|0|Do I really have to explain why I'm giving this film one star , I'd give it none if I could . This is the biggest cash cow film in prbably the history of movies . It's one attempt after another at being slick and exciting . It fails in both respects . Only Bill Murray is worth what they paid him in this movie . Best Scene : Lucy Lu as the domanatrix / business woman .
  2968|0|This is the worst example of a violent movie I've ever watched ! I hate violent movie , think it's totally unnecessary silly , it's only provoking the society to do more crime . In Hannibal they're eating human brain mass ( even a little boy ! ) , they're slicing of the top of a madman's head so on . How can this be entertainment ? ? ? 'HughJackman's mate ' must be a very unintelligent man ! : - (
  3067|0|stupidest . movie . ever , the people who made this movie should have their balls chopped off and be thrown in the ocean .
  3779|0|yep , I concur - this was that bad . Is Stallone bankrupt yet ? Someone please take him to the action hero retirement home , and tell the staff they can't make eye contact with him . . .
  3784|0|Two much two garbage .
  3812|0|Couldn't get through the first 5 m's of it ! BORING !
  5176|0|This show was never popular enough to warrant a big screen release . Not worth a rental .
  5185|0|I thought this movie was going to be like Pirates of the Caribeean . Boy was I wrong ! This movie was not scary and unfunny . I got sick of the dead people joke . The only good thing about this movie was Madame Leota . Take my advice and skip this movie .
  5195|0|Sucks , need I say more , this was mike myers' worst move
  7763|0|Adam Sandler sucks !
  8808|0|Get over it , this movie just plain old sucks . There is not one bit of good chemistry between Cher and Nicholas Cage . It is so annoying , and he looks horrible . He didn't know how to act when he was young , and he proves it here . Neither can Cher , so let's get to the point peoples !
  9987|0|This movie was a dissappointment . There were a few clever moments , but most of the jokes are just vulgar and disgusting . Cheri O'Teri is the only highlight .
 10030|0|I really like this movie . You're right on , more songs less arguing . The songs are brilliant and the movie is really funny . Andrea Robinson , the singing voice for Wendy Makkena's character sounds like an angel on Hail Holy Queen . I love this movie !
 10032|0|Sister Act left you wanting more . The movie needs more songs , less arguing .
 10033|0|Whoopi Goldberg was really good . Very good singing . Whoopi working with bad kids , helping them change their ways .
 10056|0|so u agree . . . u think you're really pretty ?
 10169|0|I don't care how lame , or stupid some people think this movie is , it still has a great story line and it is definately a feel good coming of age movie . It wasn't filled with garbage or too much sex . A perfect teen movie that if I had teenagers of my own , I would definately recommend this movie to them . Alicia Silverstone is a talented actress who will go far if she keeps her talent pointed in the right direction .
 10185|0|Love it ! Uh . . . . I can't play tennis , coach , because my plastic surgeon tells me I shouldn't have balls flying at my face . There goes her social life . Ha !
 10253|0|This movie was great ! It showed how girls can do something all on their own and make a difference without needing help from anyone else . I loved the music and the storyline , awesome !
 10261|0|The storyline was great and I feel it pleased both the male and female crowds . I really liked it .
 10306|0|what are you talking about lukskywlkr ? this was the funniest movie i have ever witnessed ! i guess you don't have a sense of humor anyone agree ?
 10411|0|I woke up at 3 : 00 in the morning on a worknight and decided to watch TV till I fell back asleep . I came across this movie , and my goal went from trying to fall asleep to not waking the rest of the household with my laughter
  1059|0|Great acting . Haunting story and the comedy made it more so . William H . Macy was great ! The Coen brothers got me . I believed for the longest time that this was a somewhat true story . But now I hear it wasn't . It's a new low to introduce a film as a true story and then have that be just a joke .
 10728|0|This movie was excellent in portraying post-traumatic stress disorder . The performances were great and the twist at the end was entertaining ( with Chris Rock ) . The DVD is great with all the extras . The commentary is very helpful and makes the movie even better when you understand the meanings behind everything .
 11014|0|This movie was funny throughout the time I sat down . It made me feel good after I got out of the theatre . Martin Lawerence definitely makes you laugh .
  1102|0|All a man has in this world is his balls and his word , and I don't break'em for no one . You got that ? I don't even remember how many times I've quoted from this movie , since I saw it , about 10 years ago . Pacino's performance is something else , it is not acting , it's simply art in it's most amazing form . definitely in my top 5 .
 11086|0|This film is only for Jim Carrey . Who could play this role Charlie / Hank except Jim ? The hard words were just cute . . . Renee Zellweger was cute too . Irene P . Waters was the very different image prepared to that role in Jerry Maguire . She showed she could even keep up with Jim Carrey . Her charm in this film was enough to attract his instinct . . .
  1110|0|classic movie . . dont know what to say about it but it was very entertaining and the performances were wonderful .
 11145|0|* hahahahaha *
 11307|0|Scooby-oo ROCKED . Sarah and Fredie were great and Matt Lillard was wonderfully funny .
 11446|0|I loved it so much ! ! ! i am counting down the days until the DVD comes out in DECEMBER ! ! ! WOO HOO , you all go out and buy it ok ? Give it up for Napoleon and Pedro . . . I wish he was on the election ballot , i woner how many people would have voted for him ? ! haha .
 11489|0|I thought the Wedding Planner was a delightful movie . It accomplished what it set out to do ; it made me feel good . My friends I thoroughly enjoyed our time at this movie .
 11733|0|A bunch of stupid , hot , high school cheerleaders running around in their panties and bras ? ! You cant lose !
 11804|0|This movie was hilarious to anybody who's been involved with environmental politics at the grassroots level . Probably the humor is too inside for many people to appreciate , and perhaps a little too dark and dry . I personally couldn't stop laughing from the opening scene to the very last lines : " Should I bring my own chains ? " A : " We always do . " Hoffman and Lilly Thomlin made an incredible team as the " existential detectives . " I guess you just had to be " there . "
 11861|0|Nasty , vicious , mean-spirited and hilarious . Very well scripted and a great performance by Thornton . Sure to become a Christmas tradition at my house .
 11878|0|This film was really funny . I took my german exchange student to see it , and she thought it was funny , even though she didn't understand it !
 11890|0|a love this movie it is so funny and what to say about the song of penis
 12066|0|This was another funny movie by Rob . And of course Collens hot so thats a plus for the movie .
 12221|0|This was so entertaining and i think the Wayne's and everyone else in it and everyone else who worked on it , did an amazing job ! Congratulations to those people ! You must see it if you haven't already ! !
 12351|0|This is the absolute best movie ! all the girls are great actors , and since the books are great , the movie is great ! they dont change too much and just everything is done perfectly . i would definately recommend it to anyone i see !
 12516|0|I loved this very beautiful , sad and poignant movie about wasting a LIFE and LOVE because of fear--fear of others and of living honestly . We've all experienced this fear to some degree in our lives and have paid a price for it . That's why this movie's appeal is universal . We can all relate .
 12696|0|I was reading through some of the comments below and they said things along the lines of " Oh this was a terrible movie because it was just Michael Moore's opinion and it is wrong and he lied . " News flash : It is SUPPOSED to be Michael Moore's opinion . Which is why he made the movie . As much as you say that he lied and presented biased information , it is just balancing out for the media which is in my opinion , more biased than Moore . I turn on Fox news for a good laugh . And about the part of him comparing deaths by gunfire in the US to other countries , maybe it would have been more afective if he had done it in percentage to population , but if you havn't already figured it out . 11 , 000 something deaths in the US is a higher percentage than 20 something in Japan . In this documentary he presented excellent points , and I agreed with him on most of what he said . Not only that but it was a nice movie to watch , at times it was incredibly funny , and others were very emotional . And if he made millions off the movie , it's because people liked it .
 12699|0|Carp all you want about the man and his movies--but Moore DID try to warn America . Yet more than half voted for the sh * thead Bush even after this not-seen-broadly-enough movie . And now you see how true the film portriat was--a pompous , stupid , clueless , uncaring man is dragging us down , and we " get " three more miserable years of it . . . Thanks for trying , Michael . . .
 12706|0|I am an Australian and hvae juts watched 'Bowlinf for Columbine . I think that Moore has done a fantastic job of this documentary . I was shocked . Aboslutely stunned and disgusted . The way Americans go around with guns is very wrong . I found it very emotional , and right fully so . The scene from inside Columbine High were enough to make me cry . how disgraceful tat such a hting could happen ! Whjat is America doing to make this happen ? ! I know many Americas are angry at being portayed in a negative way , but please deal with it . Most of you are decent people , BUT anyone who agrees with what Charles Heston did , going to Columbine to promote guns a day after the shooting and also where the six yera old innocent girl was shot , to be all happy , hahaa , own a gun , its so great blah blah blah ITS TOTALLY UNACCPETABLE ! how disrespectful ! What a waste of life that man is ! I was also shocked at how America gave money to Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden . Well whats happening now ? ! ? ! ? oh we hate Hussein , oh kill Osama ! They are murderers . . . Weel take a look in the mirror ! ! ! Abosolutely disgusting . Whether the claims are true or not , and i wil admit maybe moore was too interetsed in money , he has stil opened my eyes to things maybe i wihs i could close my eyes on again , and i know America wants to do tat , BUT DOT ! open them ! ! ! ! ! MAKE YOUR GUN LAWS STRICTER ! ! save the children . I love Columbine ! ( also how disgusting the gun trucs had 'we are columbine on them ! ) thankyou Mr Moore , 'Bowling for Columine' was truly AMAZING !
 12723|0|My Opinion is : I live in Canada , I totaly agree with Mr . Moore on the gun control use , their ethics compared to Canadains , how people live in fear , ect . I blame most of it on Their Media ( Everytime you turn around their talking about guns , killings , stabings , and to be prepared for things that are slim to happing , I'm not saying they wont just that they take it out of control ) And Bush . . . . Well he puts the fear in GOD ! ! ! What the hell does he think he's doing ? ? ? He trys to make things worse then they really are . anyways . . I loved the movie and it rocks ! ! GO MOORE ! ! !
 12735|0|Not a comedy , but it will definitely make you laugh , and will make you think even more . Glad to see somebody make a movie absent of the influence of Hollywood , Washington , and corporate society in geneeral .
 12799|0|Excessive ? Yes . Alarming ? Most certainly . Funny ? Relentlessly . In this film , Morgan Spurlock merely drove home , in irrevocable , undeniable and not uncertain terms something those of us with two brain cells already know : that 95 % of junk food is total crap ( they don't call it junk food for nothing ) and can be downright harmful to you if you overindulge . However , obviously millions of Americans have less than two brain cells when you consider how many of them are stuffing their faces at this very moment in the countless , various culinary crapatoriums found in every strip mall and on every highway in our grossly obese and flab-disgusting country . It used to be that the average waist size for adult men in the U . S . was 36 inches : today , it's like 42 . The average dress size for women used to be eight : today , it's 14 . Lazy , ignorant , gluttonous and self-destructive slobs that they are , Americans need a movie like this much more than they need a 700 calorie soft drink , a 600 calorie super order of fries or a 550 calorie Big Mac . What was disconcerting about this film was : ( 1 ) Spurlock gained something like 27 pounds in a month of eating McBowel ; ( 2 ) he was at the verge of compromising his liver from such a high-fat diet ( even one of his own physicians was amazed ) , and ( 3 ) eating all that feces on a bun even made him , in the words of his girlfriend , less of a man than he used to be . What was sad in this film was that scene featuring the pretty , but very overweight teenage girl , who , citing the supposedly healthy and fat-reducing qualities of Subway ( vomit ) sandwiches , bemoans the fact that she can't afford to eat there twice a day . The funniest bit ? When Spurlock ate the triple quarter pounder and almost immediately gave it back , hurling out the window of his vehicle . They even panned the camera out the window of the car so that the audience could see the upchuck spewed on the ground . Now , there's a documentarian dedicated to getting all the facts on film !
   128|0|Once again , Hopkins shines like he always does . This movie was engaging , yet nerve-wrecking . One of the best horror movies of all time !
 12820|0|Not enough is made of this . Wow . Truth really is better than fiction . This is possibly the greatest story I know of - AND IT'S TRUE ! Haven't read the book though . I should've done that first . Great movie . Unbelievable story .
 12836|0|It's been a while since I've seen this . I just remember it being great . I guess you have to first love 'Apocalypse Now' to love this . If you love that , you'll love this - fact .
 13033|0|I'm writing this review for every part of the movie . So many things happen throughout the whole saga ! And it's one of the few movies where at times I completely forgot that the people were acting . It was so real . The actors were amazing . Too bad I don't have a drop of Italian blood in me ; this remarkable film would make me proud in an odd sort of way . . .
 13066|0|I think this was a classic movie . It was the grandaddy ( to avoid pun ) of gangster movies , and portrays some important historical and cultural points . It was really great , and there were some great Pacino parts .
 13095|0|Most meaningful movie I have ever seen . No movie has addressed a sensative topic with such openness , and sincerity . Beautiful .
 13110|0|This is a really great movie . Everyone one in it does a great job . This movie is realistic and it helps you to understand better just how horrific the holocaust really was . If you haven't seen this movie , you should definitely see it . Be warned though , this is a very sad movie .
 13113|0|For a documentary drama sort of way this movie was VERY interesting . There were no dry parts at all because I became engaged with all of the Jewish people and their emotions . A great educational movie to help you understand what a culture had to go through in order to survive .
 13146|0|Schindler's List was one of the most realistic , touching holocost movie that's been made . It's black white , with 3 parts which symbolize life that is colored . Great Movie !
 13159|0|Who doesnt want to be in the Mafia because of these movies ? Callmetootie is no good .
 13179|0|Doctor- Is there anything we can do for you ? McMurphy- ( holds up the naked-lady playing card ) Do you have her number ?
 13356|0|i saw it at the age of 11 . . . . i cried , i loved it . what 11 year old cries when watching a movie . . . . . one that is truely moved by the story line .
 13411|0|It was very creative and touching . It made me think , can a man ( although fictitious ) actually experience all these things in life ?
 13445|0|This movie made up for a lot that most of the public missed in history class . The story ( not true ) gave us a glimpse of so much that went on in the country for a period of time .
 13455|0|ONE OF THE TEN GREATEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME
 13461|0|A GENTLE COMEDY WITH A DRY SENSE OF HUMOUR
 13488|0|I liked this movie a lot because it portrayed four friends who stuck together even under the worst of circumstances . It was very touching and made me cry .
   135|0|This movie was great . The plot was the best I have ever seen . Other directors should follow this one .
 13529|0|There are only a few movies that have affected me like this one . I had to sit for an hour afterwards just to ponder what I had just seen . Amazing movie ! !
 13580|0|Look closer and you may find out that there are things about you that you might not like . This movie portrays the essence of life in middle class suburbia . That under this superfical happiness is a disturbing life . Very thought provoking and intriging . The fact that so many people related to this movie shows that we are all abonormal .
 13621|0|this movie is so f * ing sweet it clearly shows how America is troubled with these poor , annoying , tyrants that hurt the nations economy . And Derek Vinyard does what all white americans ahould , go out there and kick the crap out of dumb Ni * * ers
 13631|0|A very intense , chilling movie that exploits the racial issues that still exist far and throughout this great country of ours . As usual , Edward Norton , the charismatic actor that he is , gives us a brilliant performance as a brutal skinhead who when released from prison has finally seen the error of his ways . Talk about a brilliant character transformation . I thought that Norton and his working buddy in the prison did a wonderful job together . Also a great performance by the usually-annoying Edward Furlong . It truly is a shockingly blunt film with its language and exploitation of the brutal reality of racism . Racism offends me , but I still found this to be a very good movie , and I suggest that all Americans , whether you've been able to let go of racism or not , see this film .
 13716|0|One of the best movies of all time
 13773|0|This was a really great movie , and one of my favourites . It's really worth watching . It's original and really well acted by everyone . It's a fairly long movie but it keeps your attention throughout . It is a little graphic though so it's not for the weak stomached .
 13826|0|This is the greatest film I have ever scene , although it is too sad to be my favourite . The epitome of dramatic acting is highlighted in the Russian roulette scene where the acting is so believeable , its frightening . De Niro and walken are truly superb .
 13850|0|Scorsese's best film . DeNiro gives the best performance by anyone in the last 25 years . One of the best drama's of all time , and probably the best drama of the 80s .
 13864|0|Who's An Animal Larry ? This Is A Brilliant Film . You Appreciate It A Little More Every Time You Watch It . Bobby Marty Rule ! ! ! !
 13866|0|This is Dinero at his best . He got so into character that he gave himself a concussion and broke both hands in the filming of one scene ( when he's in prison ) . I thought it was a powerful , quality story . An early Rocky .
 13926|0|This movie I rated a 5 because it emotionally touched me in a way that changed my life . It opened my eyes to view the world in a whole different way .
 13943|0|i was born on the day that movie came out
 13999|0|Hot guys and an original story . I love the accents of the guys and the real pain Matt Damon shows in his role as Will Hunting .
 14014|0|I loved Good Will Hunting . It was so good . I remember seeing it in the theater right when it came out and wondering who the cute guys were . I usually don't cry in movies and I shed a few tears . I was shocked to hear that Matt Damon and Ben Affleck had written the screenplay . It made me like the movie ten times more .
 14060|0|I'm 35 and was just a small child when this happened . I don't remember it at all . I liked the movie and was happy to learn about those heroes I had never heard of before .
 14152|0|This is an incredibly powerful film . And it is heart-wrenching , make no mistake about it . The performance by Hillary Swank is utterly amazing , and Chloe Sevigny is also fantastic in her role . It will make the homophobic among us quite uncomfortable , I'm sure . If you can keep an open mind and open heart , you can feel for these people deeply and care what happens to them . Brandon Teena is not portrayed as a perfect person , but as a human being with faults and with dreams and needs that are shunned by most people around him . These things do happen in real life if you choose to recognize it . This film sheds light on intolerance in a pioneering and honest way . I can't recommend it highly enough .
 14163|0|not since shindlers list have i felt so devastated by a film . truly one of the most effective movies to have ever been made .
  1429|0|Francis Ford Coppola at his best . This is Coppola's rendition of the classic Heart of Darkness , set in the Vietnam war . A glimpse into the primitive evil inherent within men-see it . The cinematography is awesome !
 14312|0|Many people expected something else . And so did I . But I like what I got instead . Great film . Very interesting , creative , funny , weird , shocking . Just perfect .
  1433|0|Until last night , the only time I had seen this movie was in my 11th grade English so that we could write an essay comparing it to Conrad's Heart of Darkness . It's really difficult to get a sense of a movie in 45 minute pieces . Boy , am I glad I took a second look . This movie is wonderful . Narrated incredibly by Martin Sheen , the movie follows his character , Capt . Willard , as he goes further and further up the river into the jungles of Vietnam to terminate with extreme prejudice Kurtz a former military hero who has gone crazy . With tremendous performances by the entire cast , notably Sheen and Robert Duvall , Apocalypse Now allows us to see the many horrors of Vietnam and how the men who went there were changed forever . You definitely have to be in the right mood to watch this movie , but if you haven't seen it , make sure you rent it . The vivid pictures and wonderful camera shots created by Coppola and the great acting will make it worthwhile .
 14355|0|Who needs DARE when you have this movie ? ! The performances were awe-inspiring . The message of the movie was one of the most poignant I have ever seen . It is shocking and very disturbing , but important much like Schindler's List was . You don't want to see this stuff , but you need to in order to understand the world and what can be done about what we don't like . I wondered about the validity of the hospital scene , thinking that I can't imagine it would be legal to send him to jail instead of at least treating the infection . I realize the point they were making , but it was already made by that point . What would have worked even better is if the movie were longer , showing how the son got involved in hard core drugs in the first place . I showed this movie to my kids , while having to explain what I believe were the gateway drugs before heroin . They got the message I hoped they would , it feels good but the temporary good feelings are not worth the cost . Also , addictive drugs are addictive drugs , whether or not one is less socially appropriate than another . This movie made that point beautifully . We , as a society , shouldn't treat drug addicts as criminals either . It is torture and it doesn't solve anything in the process .
 14404|0|oh my gosh think about it
 14447|0|This is a movie about the man who held indian ideals in him in the real sense . The indian values for respect for life , freedom in the time of colonial subjugation made him great . But the height of his greatness was when a reporter asked him . . . ( sarcastically ) Mr gandhi how come you never won a nobel peace prize even after being a advocate of peace for nearly all your life ? ? . . he said i don't care for the nobel prize because i am not aiming for it . . . my aim is to help the common man of india . . . when india is passing through it's darkest days through non-violence and peaceful methods
 14472|0|I really got into 'Almost Fanous' . This movie really took me back . . ! Tells it like it is in the music scene even today . I was there in Hollywood during the Jim Morrison and DOORS episode is my point . As well as I was there in person when Grace Slick and The Jefferson Airplane performed their first public performance at the Long Shoreman's Hall in S . F . ( The Greatful Dead appeared on the same night , later ) Really an enjoyable flick . . !
 14593|0|it was the movie that woke america up to what was happening in places like south central and awareness to that there was more than just a news article it was real people with real hopes and dreams and not being able to achieve them and young men losing their lives over a color . something that should have been gotten over in kindergarten . ice cube shows his capability of becoming a well known actor and he has come far since this movie . cuba gooding jr has done his fair share of good and bad movies . thought he would do much better though
 14704|0|OOO MAH GOD ! that movie was the best ! at first i didnt understand it , and i like wanted to fall asleep , but when i sorda figured it out it like all came together and the movie was like the best ! aww , i was soo happy @ the end , i cried . well i cry in like every movie so whatever .
 14776|0|Very powerful . A little too hyped up - I don't think it was quite one of those movies that has to be made ( like Schindler's List ) , but great nonetheless .
 14895|0|Terrific movie . Plot and action were powerful .
 14972|0|A very good movie . The scenic views make the film very appealing and pretty . The acting and casting of characters is top notch . It depicts the scenes of war with brutality , and makes the viewer feel more in touch with the history of the American Revolution .
 14999|0|Loved it !
 15088|0|A true classic - to be owned and will be an the alltime best movie list .
 15114|0|One of the best movies I've ever seen . The actors and performances were the best . I went to see this movie because I loved the book , and for the first time wasn't disappointed with the movie .
 15176|0|A man tries to find his own meaning of life while starting his own business , marrying his girl and saving his marriage .
   152|0|This was an excellent movie . I can't even wait to see Hannibal ! It was weird how a man could actually eat people . Jodie Foster was a great actress . I love how this movie gave me the chills , thinking of what could possibly happen next !
 15286|0|I loved the plot to this movie and the fact that it was true made it even better . I really recomend this movie to anyone ! ! ! !
 15320|0|i loved it and it was a deep movie it also made me cry i don't know why .
 15329|0|I just saw the real Eileen Wournos on an HBO documentary . The physical resemblence that Charlize Theron had to the serial killer was frighteningly remarkable and her on-screen performance was worthy of an Oscar . Halle Berry could take a lesson or two from her about Oscar-worthy performances .
 15338|0|A wonderful movie ! Tom Hanks deserved an Oscar for this performance . He plays the part of an Eastern Eupopean man named Victor Navorski from the fictional country of Krakoshia . While in flight to NYC his country is taken over by rebels in coup and his visa into the United States is taken away leaving him stranded in JFK airport's international terminal without a place to fly home to nor authorization to visit the U . S . The head security is a punctilious pecker of a bureacrat who leaves him- unable to speak english- to waste for months on end in the terminal , with no money , no food and no place to stay . His true hope is that he can get Victor to leave onto US soil so some other agency will arrest him . Victor however doesn't leave and decides to wait even when given opportunities to fudge the truth and gain passage into the United States . In the mean time , Victor lives on condiments and crackers . . . washes in the sinks and finds a home in a portion of the terminal that is being repaired . Within days however he figures out unique ways to survive- like returning the carts that people use for shopping to receive the quarter deposit . ( which he quickly exchanges for cheeseburgers at the BK ) . The head of security- the Peckerhead- starts to become iritated with Victor's ingenuity . He hires someone to return the carts , taking away Victor's money . But he's unphased , and ends up getting meals from the food cart guy for gaining information about a love interest the guy has . Over the months he learns how to speak english , gets involved with a emotionally confused flight attendant ( played by Catherine Zeta Jones ) who's dating a married man and gets a job with a construction crew working on the terminal . He becomes a local hero to the terminal workers when he calms a man down who's having his dad's heart medication confiscated by the Peckerhead bureaucrat , -and through recollection of the rules on the forms he had been reading to learn english- lies for the man and says they are for his " goat " which would make them legal to carry . Throughout the story you are warmed by his goodness and perplexed by what it is in the Planter's peanuts can he had been carrying- he say's it's " jazz " in the can . In the end it is revealed he was only visiting New York to fulfill a promise he made to his dead father who had gotten the autographs of every famous jazz musician in a picture he had , except one . Victor flew to America , went through all these troubles to simply put the last signature in the can for his father- to keep his promise . This movie says so much about the human spirit , about the ingenuity of the immigrants who come here and take nothing for granted and about doing what is right- and keeping your word . I highly recommend this movie to everyone and anyone .
 15372|0|Julia Stiles was just excellent . The music was wondeful , and the acting was pure art .
 15418|0|This movie was WONDERFUL ! ! ! I was crying for about 3 / 4 of the movie ! It was so beautiful . I haven't seen a movie like this in for ever . . . I would see it a thousand more times !
 15426|0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! ! ! ! ! Julia is a FANTASTIC actrist as well as Sean . i lvoed the story line , caracteurs , music EVERYTHING ! this is maybe my favortie movie now , for sure in the top 3 !
 15427|0|Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas were so amazing ! ! ! It was one of the best movies I've seen ! ! I have to give Miss Stiles credit she always puts on such great performances- which is what makes her such a wonderful actress , and what makes this movie worth seeing over and over !
 15429|0|I loved this movie ! I saw it on Saturday night TWICE in a row . Not my choice . . . but still . I reallu enjoyed it ! !
 15430|0|This movie was great . I really enjoyed it . Stiles and Thamos were wonderful .
  1544|0|Based on the book of the same title by James Ellroy ( Very good author and if you like the film you should read the Dudley Smith Trio book ) It carries off the style of Hollywood 1950's very well and the cast is amazing . Yes , the story is slow , but its meant to be . If you want a fast , simple film with loads of action then go and watch some of the s * * t action films that Hollywood now spews out . This is a film thats meant to challenge you , make you think . Kevin Spacey is as magnificent as ever . If you liked him in 'The Usual Suspects' you'll definately like him in this . Russell Crowe plays a character that actually has some depth and shows off his acting abilities and Kim Basinger is absolutely stunning as the Veronica Lake look-alike ( and she actually does look like her ) but also shows that she can act - I'd say that this is her best film . Guy Pearce is outstanding and I'd say this is another film of his to be added to the list where he shows that Neighbours is way behind him now . This film is full of suspense , twists , sub plots , the corruption of the LAPD and shows the underworld of Hollywood . If you appreciate good acting and an intelligent plot , tehn this is a film for you .
  1548|0|Amazing adaptation . Screenwriter / director Curtis Hanson managed to streamline the story , which moves like a bullet . Every word and frame counts , so you have to pay attention . Direction , acting , editing all superb .
   155|0|I love this movie . It's probably the best movie I've ever seen . The acting is brilliant . It is basically a masterpiece ; A film that you can watch over and over again . It never really gets old . Everytime I see it I'm in awe .
 15563|0|I watched this movie with my mom and we thought it was a great bonding experience . Your boyfriend probably wouldn't love it .
  1574|0|An awesome movie . Johnny Depp outshines everyone else in my opinion . Great effects . I actually did not expect anything . So I waited until it was realeased on DVD , but now I wish I would have watched it on the big screen . Can't wait for Part 2 .
 16001|0|this movie leaves you feeling shocked and devestated . . . which i think is exactly what it was trying for . at times almost unbearably graffic , it definitly gets its point across about injustice and bad things happening to good people . bjork does an incredible job .
 16079|0|Although this is a great movie , it barely holds a candle to the book on which it was based , A PRAYER FOR OWEN MEANY by the great John Irving . This movie barely touches the depth of the book . Due to the limits of movie making , they had to cut out a large portion of the book , concentrating on Simon's ( Owen in the book ) childhood . The book has the time and space to delve deeper into Simon's personality , his teen years , and early adulthood , and really plays up and explains the instrument of God theme much , much better . The movie ends with Simon's childhood . The plot of the movie basically cuts out half ( or more ) of the book , so the basic message of the story is lost , or not as deeply felt as it is in the book . There are many funny and interesting moments that would have made excellent scenes . Instead of the movie , there should have been a television mini-series which would be the only feasable way to translate this book into a motion picture . John Irving did not allow the producers to use the name of the novel for the movie , feeling they couldn't do the book justice . And he was right . Simon Birch is a great movie , one that I highly recomend , but you really should read the novel to get the full impact of Owen Meany ( aka Simon Birch ) .
 16091|0|Do you hear that little 'bump , 'bump , 'bump ? That's where the heart is . Great movie . Natalie Portman did a terrific job . She does a western accent wonderfully . I liked how James Frain ( Forney ) acted . Very sentimental and good movie . Sends out a good message .
 16256|0|This movie showed the rough times going through high school . Many people can relate to this . However , not everyone can do the karate moves .
 16340|0|There are no words that can describe this movie . It's so powerful . It's moved thousands upon thousands of people . It's done spectacularly ! THe graphics are dipicted so that you feel that you are actually there . Sure , it's gorey , but that's the way it was . But , you can't describe this movie in words , you will be moved after you see it , guarenteed .
 16466|0|I LOVED IT ! I LOVE ALL THE MOVIES THAT DIRECTOR HAS DONE . BAZ IS AWESOME !
   165|0|I enjoyed this flick , but I realize that it was not exactly historical . I enjoy it for the spirit of nationalism that it helped contribute to the Scots . King Edward was a fright and I think he is portrayed quite accurately . The defenestration scene of his son's advisor is priceless .
 16586|0|Face it yall this movie is 4 black ppl
 16636|0|I just finished watching this movie for a second time and love it even more . If you want car chases , gun fights , romance , or comedy then you'll be disappointed . If you want to see a REAL movie and one with substance , then 25th hour is a good one . An awesome look at a man who had it all ( great friends , love of his life , loving father , etc . ) and threw it all away . Spike Lee gets the audience to feel what the characters feel . Also , 25th hour proves that Spike Lee is more than just movies about race . He made a wonderful movie about HUMAN suffering .
  1702|0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie - in large part because of its uniqueness . I have not had the opportunity to see a lot of films from the martial arts genre , and I have to admit , I was not expecting the depth that this movie delivered . The cinematography was amazing , the gravity defying fight scenes were possibly the best that I have ever seen , and the characters were compelling . This movie delivers comedy , romance , and action in a very non-traditional way - I don't think you will be disappointed .
 17271|0|One of my favorite movies . Truly romantic in the larger sense of the word . Beautifully written , filmed and directed .
 17312|0|Forget Schindler's List : This is MUCH better ! Best film of '98 ! Best non-English film ever ! : o ) PS : Do anyone know why La vita bella wasn't nominated for one single Golden Globe , when it was nominated for seven Oscars won three ? ! ?
 17499|0|Oh yes , Love IS a Bitch .
 17501|0|For me this movie was really worth watching . Of course I have an advantage since I've lived a year in Chile speak English fluently , but most parts was however hard to get because the Mexican slang was very commonly in this movie . Of that reason the text became essential to me , but unfortunately this is a quite white movie , so most of the time it was almost impossible to read the text . So as you see the pictures became the most important part of my experience . And I liked it ! Not immediately , but after a while I got a huge sympathy for many of the characters , like the brother who was in love with his sister the old guerillero who got a chance to see his daughter again couldn't stop thinking of her . The movie had it's funny touchy parts ! Well worth watching ! And I learned a new slang for 'money' : In Chile we say 'plata' ( silver ) , obviously in Mexico they say lana ( wool ) . : - )
 17526|0|Fantastic movie ! It's the story of a boy who is Jewish in Germany before and during the war who passes himself off as a pure German . Wonderfully done , one of the best foreign language films I've ever seen . It's so good that you forget that you're reading it and just get wrapped up in the drama . See it ! !
 17552|0|This is one of the most visually stunning movies I have ever seen . Jeunet and Caro create a world so realistic and yet different that I couldn't help but wonder if they in fact live on the same planet as myself . The atmosphere is dark which allows the humor to juxtapose beautifully . Watch this film if you enjoy beauty .
 17559|0|This movie was awesome , most especially because of the incredible performance of Isabelle Adjani .
 17599|0|This is an EXCELLENT film . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys foreign films . Filmed in Taiwan it's the story of a father and his three daughters , on in high school and the other two adults and their differnt life paths , love interestes etc . Okay so that sounds kind of simple but it's very well done and very funny . The father used to be a chef at the Grand Hotel so there are lots of really visually stimulating cooking scenes . See this film !
 17628|0|Excellent movie overall . A few bizarre artistic touches , but a very intriguing love triangle story with a twist courtesy of the Stalinist purges . NOT a family movie .
 17689|0|Concerning the misfortune ( s ) befalling a mother and her two children in 11th century Japan ; an engrossing , lyrical , unsurpassed masterpiece of quite exquisite , aching beauty and devastating emotional impact , from the greatest of all directors , the prolific perfectionist Kenji Mizoguchi . Wonderful beyond words . ( I'd like to add that the film has wide appeal , currently averaging 9 . 4 and 9 . 5 on the Internet Movie Database and Foreignfilms . com website respectively )
 17696|0|This is a great vampire cult classic . I highly recommend this movie to all . If isnt wasnt for the high budget Lost Boys , this would have been the scary movie of the year . Bar Scene is unreal . Paxton is great .
 17806|0|Much better than the cheap televison remake . Jack Nicholson sure knows how to play a loony . Kept you on e the edge of your seat . The book was much better though . Everyone should see this movie . It is a classic .
 17872|0|This is the scariest movie ever . Most people confuse being " terrified " with being " startled " --true terror is harder to accomplish while it is easy to startle someone with a sudden blast of music or something jumping out at you . The Exorcist made you think and there are subtle points in the movie that still haunt me years later . Two of the most terrifying scenes in the movie : Father Karras is in the room with " it " and hears a familiar voice say " can ya spare a quarter for an old altar boy father ? " --it was the voice in the subway at the beginning of the movie when Karras was about to board the train . The other scene is when Karras enters the room and seems HIS DEAD MOTHER sitting there on the bed staring at him in the brightly lit room . Come on ! ! ! No scene in Halloween comes even close to that stuff ! ! ! The rest of the movies on this list are relatively simple-minded !
 17893|0|One of the best movies of all time . The horror just builds and builds . A great story that was particularly well acted .
 17980|0|This movie was totally good . I say this because it really scared the crap out of me . The movie seemed so real .
 18113|0|THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE SCARIEST MOVIE S I'VE EVER SEEN . GEORGE ROMERO ESTABLISHED HIMSELF AS KING OF THE DEAD WITH THIS ONE . MANY SCENES THAT MAKE YOU WANT TO JUST COVER YOUR EYES , HAS A VERY GOOD SURPRISE AT THE END OF THE MOVIE . A DEFINITE MUST SEE .
 18160|0|Rosemary's Baby has to be the scariest movie of all time . There's no blood or gore , just the pure psychological terror that builds within the mind of the main character Rosemary Woodhouse , as she uncovers a plot to have her unborn child stolen by a group of devil worshippers . This is one horror movie that breaks away from the Freddy Kruger / Michael Myers / Texas Chainsaw Massacre mould and is a classic in its own right . Try not to expect too much in regards to flying limbs and heads being chopped off and I guarantee you won't be disappointed !
 18282|0|a classic not scary but just a classic it was funny
 18401|0|Best Stephen King movie ever made . I loved this movie . The story was awesome , and it was actually scary . I would recommend it to anybody .
  1869|0|Lee Marvin at his very best ! ! !
 18782|0|One of my favorite recent horror movies .
 18821|0|My favorite modern day horror movie - arguably the best non-american made horror movie . . .
 18959|0|How can you go wrong with Bruce Campbell ?
 18974|0|This movie was the tightest movie . The animation and puppeteering was outstanding . Bruce Campbell is a great actor for the role .
 19122|0|I love this one and the seconed one to great plot a black batman .
 19379|0|It's much better than a lot of the crappy movies ahead of it .
 19527|0|The first time I saw it , it freaked me out !
 19556|0|I can't wait for JoyRide2 !
 19557|0|Any movie with LeeLee Sobieski is bound to be good . She is a brilliant , fantastic looking actress who always adds a touch of class to any movie . The movie itself does little to expand the horror movie genre , instead relying on tired old cliches to create an atmosphere of tension . Highly predictable , but enjoyable .
 19565|0|I never want to go in a corn patch again ! ! !
 19698|0|This is a fantastic movie ! ! ! Great special effects , lovable and funny characters and a real adventure ride . Hugh Jackman is brilliant as Van Helsing , and Kate Beckinsale is gorgeous and sexy as always . All up it's a movie experience , must see on the big screen . You will enjoy it from the beginning to the end , I promise !
 19785|0|dudes this is the greatest movie ever and i luv jason i hope he kills everybody in the next muvie an i am so glad he killed freddy cuz freddy sux GO JASON
 19815|0|maybe everybody's wondered at one time or another about that coincidence of the two 28 day cycles . . . one being the moon ( roughly ) and the other being . . . well , when ginger says i got the curse , you figure it out . this was a concept that nobody ever seemed to have explored in film , maybe because they were afraid it couldn't be handled tastefully enough to maintain audience interest . all i know is that i loved this movie . it was sharp , dark , well-paced , painfully real , had great fx , and never lost momentum . it amusingly uses horror to handle a normal phenomenon , just blowing it out of proportion as werewolfism , the rising of the animal influence in adult life that causes us to leave childhood innocence , and sometimes friends and siblings temporarily behind . the great thing about it is that like 'raiders of the lost ark' it can be deadly serious or just great cinematic entertainment . i strongly recommend it , the cast , producers and writers did an excellent job .
 19915|0|Scream 3 was a good ending to the trilogy . It answered all my questions I had about the other movies . Plus , it kept me at the edge waiting to scream , which I did . It was a great movie and I loved it .
 19982|0|I have seen a lot of horror movies and I think that this was one of the best . I admit that the movie relied a lot on special effects but that was the great part about it . I also like movies with a great story line to it and anybody who really paid attention to the movie and not to just how many special effects there were realized that the movie had a great story line . And , how can you deny the actors and actresses . They were what really made the movie great . It was just all around a great movie .
 20297|0|This movie was extra raw . Chucky was a fool and he had a wife too . I like how they got themselves in and out of situations . My favorite part was when the wife had the baby , so I know that there will be a sequel .
 20398|0|Zombies that actually moved ! Creative , great shots of the game , very unique and original .
 20463|0|This is a spectacular film about the disastrous climb up Mount Everest that is also the subject of the book Into Thin Air . Seeing this film in the IMAX theater adds so much to the experience . ( I also rented the film , but it just is not nearly as good on normal television . ) I saw the IMAX film after reading Into Thin Air and The Climb ( the latter is a book about the same expedition written by a member of one of the other groups on the mountain ) . The film was an excellent supplement to the books . It was particularly eerie watching climbers traverse seemingly bottomless chasms only using ladders tied together by rope . A wonderful film that is definitely worth seeing in the theaters .
 20467|0|Since this is about sharks , You know I'm going to be lovin' it !
 20478|0|I have seen a bunch of IMAX movies and it's always a great sight , but this movie really brought out what California is all about . Also , it brings out how Californians are innovative and unique . Super great shots of spectacular sights with extreme people doing extreme things in these sights . Eye candy .
 20577|0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! It is such a sweet movie and its so cute .
 20580|0|A virtually underrated film . Perhaps it wasn't well recieved in it's day because of it's dark tone that is not often associated with musicals . But Roy Schieder is amazing and Jessica Lange haunting . Schieder's main supporting characters , Leland Smith and Anne Reinking literally steal the show . The two faboulous dancers are just outstanding from dance number to dance number . And the final number . . . . . . gosh , that final sequence still gives me the chills and makes me teary eyed everytime .
 20606|0|GREAT MUSIC ! Check out Stan Kenton's Big Band Arrangements !
 20663|0|This movie was great because it's just fun to watch and young Travolta looks great .
 20668|0|This is one of my favorite movies because since it has young people I can relate to it a lot .
 20740|0|At least this movie didn't take itself too seriously . It was fun as a teenager to see it at midnight a few times . Can't see watching it hunderds of times , though !
 20974|0|This movie is great . It's a total classic ! It has a great story and a fantastic soundtrack . The acting is good and the relationships are interesting .
 21023|0|The Wall was the greatest rock opera of all time . The animations were amazing and Bob Geldof was an excellent choice to play Pink . The movie is kind of hard to grasp at first if you have never listened to The Wall or Pink Floyd but still an excellent movie .
 21051|0|Fame was a movie that tells you you need to have proper desire goals for life
 21073|0|In my opinion , the best documentary ever made , and the best filmed concert . The cinematography is first rate . The DVD contains footage not included in the original release , including a top notch performance by Janis Joplin . What sets this one above the rest is not only the performances , but the filmmaker's inclusion of interviews with artists , concertgoers , workers at the concert , the townspeople who were invaded by the event , and the people who put the concert together . It's much more than just a filmed concert . It captures a time and a society . A great historical document .
 21105|0|My favorite movie of all time ! This movie was NOT ridiculous , and the soundtrack was NOT weak . Is it a crime for someone to be silly ? Is it horrible that I laughed out loud ? There are so many great scenes in there , and the boys get to be themselves , which is great . It shows the younger generation ( like me ) , how Beatlemania really was . The performances are really great . I especially love the Can't Buy Me Love number out on the field . I have a question for all of you who gave this movie less than 5 stars , I'm 13 , would you rather me watch a hilarious Beatles movie , or some X-rated movie ?
 21160|0|Yellow Submarine by the Beatles is the best . They are the best smoking out music . My dad got me into the Beatles .
  2133|0|I don't think I realized how much I liked this movie until the Bourne Supremacy previews started coming out . I was so excited for the sequel , that I realized how much I appreciated the Bourne Identity . It was a clever story , and the action was fast paced without being over the top .
 21405|0|Empire Strikes Back is the best Star Wars movie . It was different from all the other ones because it didn't have a space battle and the bad guys won . All the best characters were in it ( like the bounty hunters ) , and there weren't as many corny looking aliens .
 21437|0|This is simply the best film ever made . No other movie has made such an impact on me . When I was little I just sat in front of an old black and white tv with a cheap old VCR and watched Star Wars twenty times a day . I still love to watch it . I must've seen it a thousand times , literally .
 21569|0|I never thought Peter Jackson would be this succesful in bringing this book to the big screen
 21571|0|I thought the movie was going to be boring , but it was GREAT ! Legolas is so so so so so so so HOOOOTTTTT ! ! ! !
 21578|0|I'm a big fan of Tolkien . I have read most of his books . Even though they changed some things from the book , this movie was amazing . One of the best movies I have ever seen .
 21645|0|I really really love this movie . The scenery was spectacular , even though it was filmed in my country . My horse was part of the film and I think its really cool to have a part of the film for myself . great Job Peter .
 21699|0|it was awsome , but my fav is still Two Towers .
 21728|0|Wonderful ending when . . . I won't spoil it . I like how it wrapped up , I almost cried .
 21745|0|fantastic ! ! ! ! ! I am waiting for more movies like this one
 21785|0|Never read the books but I'm in love with this movie series .
 21811|0|Best film ive ever seen !
 21907|0|The best of the trilogy for sure ! Really well made . . . Schwartzy is always cool
 21977|0|This is a classic in funny fantasy movies . It is a cool / fun way to unwind .
  2202|0|Count on a ripping story . Count of a first rate cast that brings the characters alive . Count of beautiful locations that are feast for the eyes . Count on solid and creative direction . Count on the Count of Monte Cristo .
 22051|0|WEEEEE-HEEE HE HEEE ! ! Cameron at his best and havin' a ball ! Well acted , brilliantly directed , and very , very tense . Great fun watching all the marines getting creamed by what has to be the MEANEST creatures to feature in any sci-fi film . What I like about Cameron's sci-fi is that all the characters settings are believable hang together well , so that you feel this really is taking place somewhere - you really get immersed in it all . Loud , fast , eye-popping , terrifying , exhilarating - one of the best .
 22106|0|I DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY . . . ITS JUST THE BEST MOVIE EVER .
 22162|0|One of my favourite films ! OK it took on a difficult plot but it handled it pretty well despite a few logic gaps , although I wish they'd worked something else out for when Neo comes back to life at the end . But enough of that . Fanatastic innovative use of special effects , the baddest fight scenes I can ever remember seeing in a film , a dash of mysticism with Morpheus , The One , the Oracle , a great bad guy in Agent Smith and action scenes that blow your mind . This film will be THE benchmark for action flicks for the next twenty years .
 22187|0|It was like watching a comic book come to life . Amazing story with great action while being philosophical at the same time .
 22190|0|One of the best sci-fi movies to date . Great graphics and good story as well . The storyline is unique . Interesting movie , must see .
 22433|0|this movie brings back the magic , novelty , and inrtigue of star wars that caught everybody when the first movie came out ( no , you can't see it again for the first time , that's impossible , so move on ) and frankly is one of the greatest movies i've ever seen . here's the skinny . hayden christensen does an excellent job as anakin , i hope to see more of him in other films in the future . ewan's reprisal of the obi wan role is better than his first attempt , he's growing into the alec guinness version nicely , but i was amazed that this friendship that we've imagined all these years between him and anakin has nowhere near the emotional impact that obi wan's and qui gon's had in phantom menace . natalie portman continues to smuggle her awesome intelligence into her work under the cover of her beauty , and forces us to wonder what exactly is fueling her character's love for anakin . it's clear from the beginning of the film that anakin has been sweating her since the last chapter , but her reactions to his advances seem only what you'd expect from a very professional political figure getting a lot of sudden and very personal attention . it's only when they are apparently facing death that she tells him that she loves him too , and you wonder why , what with all the dark hints of his other self seeping through in talk from anakin that's both cleverly written and neatly overlooked by the other characters . the future emperor's guidance in his jedi career is mentioned , and is definitely growing in power . jar jar binks has a small role , but he does manage to ensure the destruction of the republic . r2 and 3po have some of their best moments , and in mirroring 'empire strikes back' as everyone thought it would , this movie trashes 3po in ways nobody could have ever expected . the lightsaber dueling is also a lot like that in 'esb' , with the brilliant christopher lee giving this movie what the last one lacked ; a villain who is both active , and intelligent . though the lightsaber action was better choreographed in the last one , it means more here , as it did in the old trilogy . yoda gets his groove on , and shows why everybody calls him master . the action sequences , rather than being over-the-top , were necessary back story that should live up to fan expectations started by obi wan's episode 4 reminiscing , and the developments of the battle scenes are copious and gripping . the jedi are definitely on their way out , and you feel the darkness growing as they become mere faces in crowds of friendly clone troopers , who remind me of the aliens in V before you find out they're evil . last note ; the guy who played jango fett did a kick ass job , and i expect to see a lot more of him as well . go to this moive and enjoy it : you won't see anything quite like it again ( probably till episode 3 ) .
 22454|0|Spacefights rule .
 22476|0|it doesn't get any better than this . shatner pushes it to the edge and beyond in the battle scenes , and in his reaction to the death of spock , his best and lifelong friend , a moment years in the making . i think you either get it or you don't , so i'll stop commenting there .
 22487|0|One of the all-time underrated films virtually ignored when it was released in the early 80's - it was just too dark and deep for movie audiences at the time . Luckily , it has earned fame in VHS and DVD rentals . Ridley Scott's best work since Alien .
 22493|0|One of the most dark and gritty movies of the sci-fi genre , Blade Runner never ceases to impress . Ridley Scott's meticulous attention to detail makes for great cinema . The cinematography is something to behold . Besides that it has a great script to back it up . Rutger Hauer is positively wicked as the villian Roy Batty . He has one of the best lines in movie history at the edn of the film . All my memories , lost like teardrops in the rain , time to die . Harrison Ford plays a good foil to Hauer's insane villain . He's great as the seasoned pro Deckart who has doubt about what he has to do to the replicants .
 22592|0|A thrill . My inner 10 yr old boy did cartwheels for months after seeing this movie .
  2281|0|Dont know what people are thinking when they dont say that this movie was well made and very enjoyable to watch .
 22868|0|Amazing effects . . . and the ending was great . I hope they'll bring in more characters in the next movie ; )
 22880|0|It was better than the first !
 22911|0|Close Encounters is one of Speilberg's greatest films . This is one of the films that really popularized the alien / government conspiracy phenomenon . These were bold , fresh ideas when this film came out . Even after multiple viewings this film is still compelling . It is exciting , funny , frightening , whimsical and exhilirating . The writing , acting , musical score and directing are all superb .
 22927|0|my second favorite movie of all time and what a great one ! wonderfully twisted , smart , and funny . I love the irony ( violence mixed with a happy song ) . they may have over done it with the nudity but that doesn't matter . great acting . this movie is mispercieved by many people , the main idea about this movie is that society wants us to be machines but they have to remember that we are still human , that's what the title is about . one of the best movies of all time .
 23047|0|The best comic adaptation ever ! It's just like reading the comics from beginning to end . Stan Lee really made sure this film would be a mirror image of the comic storyline . It portrayed the Green Goblin saga perfectly ( especially the ending ) . Great acting ( even by the portayed newcomer Toby McGwire ) . Very realistic as well . The movie shows Peter Parker having to learn and perfect his superpowers instead of just knowing them in an instant . He also moves very gracefully as well ( as he should ) . I only have one complaint . Originally in the comic series , Spider Man's webs were shot out through special machines Parker created instead from his wrist . A solid film all the way through . That's the reason why the film is sold out at every theater .
 23130|0|The best movie of all time .
 23151|0|A strange movie which will definitely baffle anyone seeing the movie as an adult for the first time . If you can handle the idea of David Bowie as a magical , musical villain , you will like this movie very much .
 23248|0|I have to admit that when I saw the first Harry Potter I was not impressed . I had no intentions of seeing the second release , but was dragged to see it with a friend . To my surprise this time around the film was quite good . I found comedy in the character of Dobi , but am dissappointed to learn he won't be in any of the new Harry Potter movies .
 23366|0|Get the undubbed version with added scenes - alot more going for it . . . I watch it just for the car scenes .
 23480|0|An interesting twist on a myth that has been around for a very long time . Requires some open mindedness like most scifi . I guess if you don't get it you never will . Spinned off into two very good tv shows .
 23609|0|i'm rating this movie just because it was cool , and i want to attach my name to it somehow . everyone you've ever seen who wears black all the time will love this movie forever , because it is a forum for for hideous , fascist , dehumanizing behaviors . . . which all stop in the end ! yes ! did i mention that ? good prevails ! okay , then . like 'strange days' , this movie is based on the false premise that memories can be implanted in human minds . nonetheless , its value as fantasy escapism is unparalleled , as is its imagery and directorial finesse . also , jennifer connely is easy on the eyes .
 23650|0|Great action and soundtrack . Well acted , despite Keanu Reeves' presence . Surpised Monica Belluci's role didn't require her to runn around half naked in it . Gloria Foster ( the Oracle ) will be missed .
 23738|0|this movie had it all . Action and special effects were through the roof . and it made everyone in the theather laugh . ( the comedian were the boy and the unlce and the little mummuies ) im serious though you should really see this movie
 23888|0|Fantastic ! I saw this film a long time ago ( and now own it ) and was taken aback . It seems to me that people seem to miss out on one of the main issues of the film though . Eventually we will be able to genetically engineer our children , but there is one thing you cannot change - what you feel , what you think and what you aspire to do . Ethan's character is an 'invalid' , created naturally , meant to be destined to clean up after 'valids' . He believed he could do more - and did . You can take this film as strictly being a scientific viewpoint of the future - but it goes further . Like Alice in the rabbit hole . Watch it again and you'll see what I mean .
 24150|0|Jurassic Park wa a tight movie about bringing back once extinct dinosaurs . It is highly unlikely that this could happen though .
 24164|0|This movie is perhaps my favorite sci-fi / space type movie . The acting was incredible , and I loved the storyline , as well as the special effects . Props go to Bruce Willis and Ben Affleck . A great film ! The plot went together perfectly , with comedy , drama , excitement and suspense all rolled into one . Great film !
  2418|0|Sharon Stone clenches this movies at the Femme Fatale . I would have prefered to see someone else other than Michael Douglas other than the lead character . Loved Lelani Sorrell as Roxy and it was an intersting 'whodunnit' too .
  2424|0|I love the opening scene in the movie , because there is a girl with a nice ass banging some guy . The movie keeps you in suspense .
 24582|0|Anyone , and I mean ANYONE , who has ever been accused of road-rage should LOVE this movie . Sure , the cars are nightmarishly cheesy and Stallone proved to anyone who has seen this movie that he can't act , but the movie is AWESOME . In a futuristic society , Death Race is the main spectator sport , supported by the government and loved by everyone , even the victims ! A mind-blowing concept ! Pop it in and WATCH THIS MOVIE . A real classic ! ( hey sis , how much for the dirtbag on the corner ? )
 24646|0|It's a highly underrated Star Trek movie ! After saving Earth from the alien probe in ST : IV , the Enterprise crew is on vacation on Earth , but soon they will find themselves out to rescue alien ambassadors taken hostage on the planet of Galactic Peace . The humor in this movie is one the driving forces , as well as the interaction between Kirk , Spock and McCoy . The special effects ( especially the ones of the Enterprise in spacedock ) are excellent . The acting is great and the plot is solid .
 24696|0|I like Hollow Man because the graphics are exciting , and it makes you feel like , is someone invisible watching me ?
 24750|0|Great stuff . . . . . . .
  2480|0|I liked how everything in the movie seemed so real . The special effects were great and the movie was entertaining . This movie gave me a view of how a real Twister might be like . I'm glad I live in California where there are not any tornadoes .
  2633|0|This was a demented and twisted movie done right . From the first second of this film I was completely into it . It grabs your attention and holds it the whole way through . Even though the plot is totally unrealistic , it is the possibility that makes you wonder what goes on in our subconscious . The unconscious is a mystery to all of us and this film is one interpertation of what might be lying underneath . This movie is one the most creative movies I have seen in years . It was beautifully done , with scenes that have all the elements come together . The colors , the music , and the acting were great . The cinemotography , along with the photography were exceptional . This movie was scary but in a weird way . As I already stated , the acting was great , but the movie was so visually stimulating that had there not been dialogue , you would still have been able to understand it . After I left the movie , I don't think I spoke the whole ride home . It was almost too much to digest . I have had weird dreams for the past two nights . I highly recommend this movie as long as you have the stomach for pyschotic thrillers .
  2674|0|HELL YEAH ! this movie was soo good ! i thought everyone that played in it looked and acted good . it was like jumpy , funny , action like all at the same time . nicholas cage is sooo hot in the movie !
  2757|0|i love the movie and i love drew barrymore and the movie was hilarios and good .
  2828|0|One of my favourite movies . Hackman brilliant as the neurotic snoop , and the entire theme of mystery wrapped in an enigma , cloaked in a riddle is fascinating .
  2836|0|Barbara Bach deserves an Oscar for the scene in the pyramids . That dress deserves an Oscar .
  2910|0|This true story was excellent . The actors took you with them on their trip . George Clooney was the best actor they could have picked to play the captain of the ship and crew . This movie could have been just a little better , but other than that , great movie . If you haven't seen it , go see it now .
  2914|0|This was an excellent movie . I did not know much about the plight of commercial fishermen , but after watching this movie I was moved to learn more .
  3091|0|A graet army movie .
  3101|0|Your famaliar mochismo guy finds a heart action movie . Well made . Special effects don't look corny , Tad unrealistic in places , but definately worth watching in the theatre or on DVD .
   327|0|Outstanding performances from Crowe and Phoenix ( who should have won best supporting actor ) assist this already wonderful story and magnificiantly filmed masterpiece . A good old fashioned tale of justice being served , with a twist of course . If you somehow have managed to not see this movie , I strongly suggest that following this obvious repeated smacks to the forehead you deserve , you should purchase this movie .
  3427|0|When I first heard about Pearl Harbor , I saw it was around my birthday , so I decided to check it out . I went on the internet and all these critics were trashing it . I couldn't believe it , then I went to see the movie , and it was better than ever ! Almost better than Star Wars ! Everyone in the movie did an excellent job . This movie is for all to see .
  3648|0|I like this movie a lot good plot and DMX did some good acton .
  3964|0|The highlight of Walt's career as a film maker . Brilliantly cast , directed and produced . A fun creative film that leaves you smiling .
  3995|0|I laughed , cried , and clapped like a lunatic at the end . A must-see !
  4014|0|One of the most brilliant things in this movie is the environment . The colors are just amazing , and they've got every detail just perfect- from the light reflecting off of the water to the smooth texture of the enemony where Nemo lives to the stuff floating around in the water . The plot is amazing too . A story about a young clownfish named Nemo with an over-protective father . They get seperated when Nemo is caught by a diver , and is taken to sydney . Nemo's Father frantically searches for him , and comes across a fish named Dory , who can help him find his son- if it wasn't for her short term memory loss . The two go through many obsticals , from nearly being dinner for a shark , to swimming through a field of jelly fish , all the while Dory cracks Nemo's Father of his fear of the ocean . Meanwhile Nemo is taken to a Dentist's fishtank , where he meets the Tank Gang which includes some interesting characters . In the end Nemo and Father are re-united and Father learns to be less cautious anout everything . This movie was both touching and Hysterical . The stars of the movie , Albert Brooks and Ellen DeGeneres were amazing . Albert was really good at deteriorating that joke . . . . which is either good , or bad . . . and Ellen was just perfect at playing short-term memory loss .
  4148|0|Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory is an extremly well done movie , and it deserves so , so much credit . It was touching and funny , and it was just so , so good . Buy it today , and also Gene Wilder . . . . you are such a great actor , and Jack Albertson was an excellent actor too .
  4247|0|Utterly fantastic ! This great 3D animation cartoon is fully equipt with famous voices , ( such as Dave Foley ) , terrific animation , cute bugs and some great one liners that make it fun and appealing to both adults and children alike . If you haven't seen it , you're missing out . I bought this movie because it was so funny and original and is 100 % better than the try-hard Warner Bros movie Antz . It is a heart-warming film , tha teaches us the good things in lfie and is full of adventure and humerous anecdotes throughout .
  4255|0|It is excellent animation and a good story . It's probably one of the first movies I would show to my kids . Walt Disney and his crew were wonderful and this is definitely one of his masterpieces .
  4263|0|Give that pig an Academy Award .
  4284|0|This is a classic and one of the best animated Disney films . Cruella DeVil want the dalmatian puppies to make a fur coat , but the owners won't let her .
  4324|0|I totally think Shrek should be the top movie ! It was awesome !
  4412|0|Shrek 2 is a great movie . It's one of those rare gems that kids and adults will get a kick out of . Like the first one , it pokes satire at everything with rapier-like wit . The computer animation has also imporved since the first . Sometimes , I thought they were cutting into real world footage for some of the shots . Disney really hasn't made anything in years that matches the humor and cleverness of the Shreks . Shrek is even strong enough to withstand the Eddie Murphy curse . The only knock I have on Shrek 2 is that it is not quite the equal of the first one . But other than Godfather 2 , what movie sequel is ? It will win best animated feature at the Oscars .
  4428|0|I'm 11 years old . I thought this movie was great ! ! ! I've seen it 3 times and I rate it my favorite movie ! I've been waiting for it to come on video and pleased to say its coming out on November 21 . I think EVERYONE SHOULD SEE CHICKEN RUN ! ! ! !
  4464|0|FUNNY ! NO ONE ELSE COULD PLAY THE GRINCH BUT JIM CARREY !
   447|0|This movie is SOOOO good ! ! Russel Crowe is SUCH a good actor ! it isn't common that a movie with no big names attached to it does good , but this one is definately my new favorite movie !
  4516|0|One of the most beautiful film I've seen .
  4656|0|Sad . . .
  4735|0|This one brings me back , I loved Fievel as a kid , this was a great movie .
   480|0|I loved the Indiana Jones' movies . They were all great action , adventure , and were funny .
  4816|0|I've discovered one thing about this movie for certain : people either really hate it or really love it . I'm one of those people that really love it . It's a hilarious movie , it has a pretty much good plot ( even if it is a little off-the-wall ; ok , make that a LOT off-the-wall ) and all the people who do the voices are wonderful at them . I can think of nothing to complain about . . . ummm . . . Kuzco needs a love interest . But that's it and that's stretching . I recommend it to both adults and kids ; that's right ADULTS and kids . In fact the adults would probably find it funnier .
   482|0|Harrison Ford is the best .
    50|0|Unquestionably the greatest action / adventure film of all time . Spielberg and Lucas together make an unbeatable combination . With great performances , solid directing and story-telling and a wonderful score , Raiders of the Lost Ark is the epitome of what good ole' fashioned entertainment is all about .
  5004|0|This movie has got to not only the best Animation I ver seen , but the best movie Ive seen this year . The graphics were outstanding , the soundtrack funky ( none of those singing characters , Thankyou . ) This movie has it all , and I loved the hero who saves the human race . Couldnt ask for more
   517|0|Astonishing movie , from the virtuostic direction and film editing to the brilliant ensemble cast . My only ( minor ) complaints are about the soundtrack . First off , it is a little too relentless . The pop songs are NONSTOP . Secondly , for most of the movie , the music parallels the setting , but towards the end , the music and the era that is being depicted are a mismatch . Still , a brilliant movie from Scorcese , as good as Taxi Driver , maybe better .
  5282|0|Greatest film of all time , starring the greatest actress of all time .
  5301|0|I watched this movie as an annual event until I was into my 30's . It's timeless . I bought the DVD so my 4 year old granddaughter can enjoy it . Possibly the greatest movie of all time .
  5425|0|Although cheesy , it's a must-see movie , especially during Christmas .
  5462|0|I rate this one EW , for Endlessly Watchable . Practically perfect in every aspect .
   547|0|An outstanding movie . I never understood why Ray Liotta didn't become a bigger star . I guess he never again got a script as good as this one . I'm a big fan of first-person narrative movies and this has to be my absolute favorite among them .
  5480|0|Henry Fonda and an ensemble of many of the ususal John Ford players did an outstanding job . Red River Valley as the theme song is heart-breaking .
  5597|0|One of the best films ever made . The technology used in filming was revolutionary at the time . Beautiful performances by Bogart and Bergman . The film is well put together and enjoyable .
  5607|0|I love this classic love story . I watched it three times . It's so moving .
  5649|0|A fantastic Bogart / Hepburn film . I think this is one of my most favorites . It has drama , love and humor , with great acting .
  5659|0|One of my favorite Bogart movies .
  5786|0|I actually played Fonda's role in a school play . Defintely a great movie .
  5922|0|What a great movie . Cary Grant is so funny that I turn purple every single time I watch the movie . I love his quick faces when he is stumbling on what to say those poor old ladies . It was just down right funny and pure great entertainment ! Teddy was the best charecter ever in that whole movie and I believe he is one of the greatest movie charecters ever been made .
   595|0|This is a film lovers dream . Filled with nothing but great , professional performances by the entire cast , a beautiful score , master direction and not to mention one of the best if not the best mystery / suspence stories ever put to film . Kevin Spacy stands out with his Oscar winning portrayl of Verbal the crippled criminal . In this movie nothing is as it seems . You get just about everything action , suspense , comedy , mystery , drama . This is one of my favorite films and I garuntee you will love this film . Not a money back garuntee mind you . I don't work at a video store .
   599|0|This is a first rate film noir thriller . Gabriel Byrne shines as Dean Keaton , an ex-cop turned crook turned reformed businessman and Kevin Spacey is absolutely convincing as Verbal Kint . The story is engaging and brilliant . The ending will leave you in slack jawed as you rewind the tape to immediately see it again and again .
  6070|0|One of my favorite movies of all time . I love Leonard Bernstein's score and Sondheim's lyrics . Everything worked for this movie .
   610|0|Kevin Spacey is the greatest actor , and he does some of his finest work in this movie . Thrilling AND action packed ! It's great for everyone !
  6173|0|Claudette Colbert . This movie , the pace of the humor , the way they fell in love- the hotel , I love this movie and can watch it over and over again .
  6208|0|Stella . . . . Stella . . . . I read the play before I saw the movie and usually the movies disappoint after you read the play or book but 'Streetcar Named Desire' is an exception . Marlon Brando is absolutely perfect in this movie . The acting was unbelieveable . I really liked the story . Even though this movie is in b w ( black and white ) it keeps your attention the whole way through . Definitely a time piece . You see the South ( New Orleans ) back in the 60's . Great movie .
  6222|0|A nasty movie , and I mean that in a good way . Very well written , filmed and acted , particularly in the supporting cast . Cleans up the real-life Bonnie and Clyde , who were really small-time slack-jawed killers barely out of their teens , and with no more brains than a rabid raccoon , but that's a minor criticism of an otherwise excellent movie .
  6300|0|Audrey Hepburn is incredible in this movie . Excellent songs , costumes , and acting make this a real classic .
  6354|0|One of the best movies ever made . And it hasn't lost much with age ( much like Anne Bancroft as Mrs . Robinson ) . If anything , the story of alienation in modern society is more relevant now than it was back then . My favorite scene is when Dustin Hoffman and Katherine Ross are connecting for the first time - they close the top of the convertable and that shuts us , as viewers , out of their conversation , so we only hear the random noises around them as they talk in the car .
  6387|0|Technically advanced film for its time . Willis O'Brien really conveyed a personality on The Big Ape , much better job than the bogus , sterile special effects of these days . A perverse love story , a tale of sexual frustration , a metaphor for the Black experience in America . Of course , it's dated and creaky , but it's also 70 years old . One of the typically idiotic posters slighted this film because it's in black and white . Well , color processes hadn't been developed for features in 1933 , and b / w does have a visual vocabulary , an aesthetic of its own that doesn't necessarily make it inferior to color . Shows you how lacking in imagination most people are these days , spoiled rotten by gimmicks and novelty .
  6388|0|King Kong is the film from which the action / adventure epic was born . From it's dazzling special effects , ( for there time , although they do hold up quite well today ) to the ambitious-ness of it's story , Kong was ( and is ) entertainment at its best , particularly in a time when the world was in dire need of it . DEFINATELY one of my all-time favorites !
  6435|0|This is such a great movie . Everytime i watch it i am still amazed . The acting is fantastic and the story is classic , it will never get boring to watch .
  6437|0|Have seen this one several times . Great cast .
  6438|0|This was a great movie . Paul Newman was wonderful .
  6482|0|I'll be damned if I ever figured out the plot , and I don't think Raymond Chandler and Howard Hawks ever did , either . So what ? Bogie , Bacall , snappy patter , classy dames , and everyone smoked , since you were more likely to get plugged in the back than live long enough to get cancer . . . . those were the days ! The remake in 1978 , with Mitchum ( who made a pretty good Marlow ) and Sarah Miles just didn't work , since they inexplicably transferred it all to England . And film noir just doesn't make it in color .
   650|0|This was pretty intense . Full of carnage and gave me a new arsenal of insults .
  6533|0|As good as the book . . . My favorite bit of editing is the jump from the scene where the body is found to the train .
  6555|0|Elizabeth Taylor's best screen performance . Sexy , seductive , passionate , and vicious
   657|0|kubrik is insane ! he's also a genius , I've loved every one of his movies including this one . insanly bad ass !
  6602|0|'Charade' is one fantastic movie , and yet it is very underrated . Watching this movie , the viewers are treated to great visuals and to great acting . And what a cast : Audrey Hepburn , Cary Grant , James Coburn , Walter Matthau , and George Kennedy . Finally , this movie is suspenseful from beginning until end ( reminiscent of a Hitchcock flick ) , as Hepburn's widowed Regina Lambert doesn't know who to turn to for help . If anyone cares to watch this movie , I promise they will not be disappointed .
   661|0|this is , i think , the best war movie ever made . i had to struggle with the idea that paths of glory was better when i said that , but they both come from kubrick , so make your own decision . the point is , the direction is all that a combat correspondant could ever , ever hope for . it may not be war , but it is what war should be in the cinema . i read the book it was based on , and while there are differences , i think the movie flows as well as the novel ; that is , the division bewteen the boot camp sequences , and the battlefield sequences is essential to illustrate the horror of war , and the degrading , terrible things a man must put himself through to get there . they are essentially a couple . if you look at the sniper in the final run as a metaphor for the enemy , the movie becomes more profound . ultimately , i've watched many a war movie , and i can't think of a better one to recommend , sans politics and propaganda , than this one .
  6660|0|Considered to be an essential classic outside the English-speaking world ( where it was cut and poorly dubbed upon its release ) , the Leopard is a brilliant depiction of Italian / Sicilian aristocracy in decline and of the rising bourgeoisie . Despite being very long and slow-moving , the film is beautiful to watch and makes interesting philosphical reflections both at the political and personal level . Burt Lancaster gives a majestic performance ( one of his very best ) as the aging aristocrat who must come to terms with changing values and social structures . Not for die-hard action fans , but a great movie nevertheless !
  6747|0|Bette Davis is one of the finest actresses of her time . . . and she really overshadows many of todays actresses as well . The Nanny was very scary to me as a child . Because of this movie , I have hooked on Bette Davis ` s movies and have never been disapointed .
  6805|0|A very funny movie ! I like the killer bunny and the rude insulting French knights !
  6813|0|Funniest movie of all time ! ! ! ! ! I cut your bloody arm off .
  6848|0|This movie is hilarious . I watched it in my 9th grade history class when learning about the Middle Ages and it definitely does have educational value . It uses satire regarding life in Medieval Europe . This is seen especially when the brilliant writers of the movie mocked the constant warfare in Europe when the guy had both of his arms and legs cut off and still continued to make an attempt at fighting . A great piece of political commentary .
  6857|0|What else has to be said except that its THE GREATEST COMEDY MOVIE EVER MADE ! ! ! I can watch holy grail 50 million times and still be laughing as hard as the first time watching it .
  6860|0|The knights who say Nee . . .
  6920|0|Satire at it's best .
  6940|0|Airplane is one movie you don't want to miss . It is so funny and fast-paced , that you have to call it a classic . Ted Striker and Elaine Dickenson are 2 former sweethearst that end up on the same plane . The plane is full of a group of eccentric characters including : a singing nun , a heart-transplant patient , 2 gay arabian men , an inflatable pilot , and a doctor who doesn't want to be called Surely .
  6983|0|Go soak your head !
  6994|0|Fuuuuunnnnyyyy , FFFFuuuuunnnnnnyyyyy , FUUUUUNNNNNYYYYY . It really was Funny
  7000|0|Hilarious . Ed Rooney making an idiot out of himself was extremely funny . HHHHHEEEEEYYYYY ! ! ! ! !
  7071|0|Very funny movie . I saw this as a teenager . I must admit I went reluctantly because a friend wanted to see the movie and I wanted to be polite . I was so glad I saw this . All the actors are great in their roles . Gene Wilder , Marty Feldman , Peter Boyle , Terri Garr and Cloris Leachman all great . ! Nd so is Madeleline Kahn . One of my favorite scenes is after young Frankenstein created a new Frankenstein he escapes and ends up at a blind man's house { well played by Gene Hackman } . Alot of other funny scenes too . For a good laugh i would reccomend this movie .
  7095|0|This is a great movie ! Mel brooks is a genious it is one of the best movies of all time .
  7097|0|With apologies to Blazing Saddles , this is the very best of the Mel Brooks movies . Madeline Kahn Marty Feldman are triumphant .
  7121|0|Candygram for Mongo
  7149|0|Chevy Chase at his best . Great to see Imogene Coca too .
  7209|0|Among the big screen comedies that starred first-generation SNL regulars , this one takes the prize . ( And , in my opinion , only Caddyshack comes close . ) The characters are unforgettable , the plot and writing excellect , and even random details of the movie have to be considered classic ( ie . Bluto's shirt that just says COLLEGE ) .
  7254|0|Putting Steve Martin with John Candy was a very genious idea . These two were absolutely histarical together ! This is a movie that I think many poeple can even relate to . If you haven't seen it , see it ! Laughs from beginning to end !
  7328|0|Released in 1999 and directed by Mike Judge ( of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill fame ) , Office Space is a somewhat dark , comical , spot-on satire of the modern white-collar business environment . Peter Gibbons ( Ron Livingston ) is a computer programmer who goes through a change in philosophy and starts to act out his true apathy towards his job , which spills over to some of his co-workers ( David Herman and Ajay Naidu ) . His bland job is also reflected in his bland social life , namely an average apartment and eating at average restaurants . Oddly enough , this new outlook gives him the courage to ask out an attractive waitress ( Jennifer Aniston ) who is suffering from work apathy as well and to speak his mind to a pair of efficiency experts who have been hired to downsize the company resulting in an unexpected promotion . Besides the absurdity of the everyday , what makes this film work is Livingston's intentionally flat performance which suggests the inertia and hopelessness of his situation , Stephen Root's portrayal of Milton the invisible and ignored employee , Gary Cole as the robotic boss , and the soundtrack which features rap and other music that seemingly runs contrary to the sterile environment that the film examines . The bottom line is that Office Space is an extremely funny yet poignant film examining contemporary office politics .
  7386|0|My favorite comedy . Almost non-stop laughs , and a nice mixture of sophisticated humor and slapstick . Hope the sequel lives up to the original .
  7396|0|THIS IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST MOVIES EVER ! ! IT BRINGS FAMILIES TOGETHER LAUGHING & HAVING A GREAT TIME ! ! ! ! ! !
  7518|0|Classic in every way . Sir ? Sir ? SIR ? ! SIR ! ! !
  7524|0|I think this movie was great ! I absolutely loved it and thought it was hilarious . Good music too !
    77|0|Definitely the best of the trilogy and one of the best action movies of all-time . One of the things that made it so great was that Indy was just a seemingly average guy . He didn't have any special powers . In addition , the movie didn't have any wild special effects and was more believable than most action movies ( with the exception , of course , of the climactic scene ) . If you've never seen this film , what are you waiting for . It is Harrison Ford at his best .
  7885|0|It goes to 11 !
   794|0|This movie was freaky . I didn't want to be alone for days ! Ahh , I still think of it and get freaked out . The thing that makes this scary is that we don't know if it could actually happen ! It was brillantly done . I didn't even know the ending until it happend , it was such a twist ! I recommend it to anyone that likes to be scared .
  8022|0|One of the five funniest movies of all time , due in some part to great writing but mostly due to the fact that Bill Murray is hilarious . Put anyone else in that role and you have a movie that's barely above average . Who else could have pulled off that Old Yeller speech at the end of basic training ? But the best scene in the movie has to be when Sgt . Hulka has them go around and introduce themselves . . . There was one ?
  8083|0|I'm a big Eddie Murphy fan , so I think BHC is the best movie of all time .
  8105|0|* Giggle * what another fantastic film by the Coen brothers ! The main characters work really well together and its such a silly plot . My favourite scene has to be where they go around to the boys house and John Goodman does his You are entering a world of pain and then proceeds to smash up this really nice red sports car and the owner comes out ! It is really quirky , but well worth trying to watch .
  8191|0|Very funny ! Cameron Diaz is great ! ! I wouldn't have liked it as much if she weren't Mary ! ! Ben Stiller is really funny in it too .
  8231|0|This movie is hilarious . It's good fun very creative comedy . I recommend it to all !
  8389|0|One of the best cheesy 80's movies of all time .
   839|0|I love this movie . I've watched it about three times . It was really great .
  8703|0|it's very cool ! ! great ! ! !
  8753|0|If your significant other wants to watch a romantic comedy then by all means watch 50 First Dates . The story is interesting , funny and some what thought provoking . The cast is great as is the writing great date flick .
  8900|0|This movie definitely makes my A list . I found it thoroughly entertaining , and hilariously funny . I have heard it said that this movie contributed nothing new that was not already hashed over in Lock , Stock and Two Loaded Barrels . I differ in that I found it to be a terrific finishing of Lock , Stock . . . If you are in the mood for some fine humor with a little gore and a good deal of bad language , this would be a good pick . I place this movie in the same category as Pulp Fiction which I also found highly enjoyable .
   892|0|I just saw this movie and I loved it . I watched the tape about four times in one weekend . I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a genuinely good movie .
  9000|0|Hysterically funny . The dead pan humor of Chevy Chase , whether it be as Dr . RosenRosen . . . , or charging lavish lunches to the Underhill account , or explaining through false teeth to an airplane mechanic that these days , it's all ballbearings - If you've never seen this movie , go rent it .
  9035|0|I rented this on DVD recently . It had been years since I'd seen it . We roared through most of it . . . Paul Newman gave a great tongue-in-cheek performance . One of the great benefits of the DVD format is the special features . One cool thing that I learned was that the film was based on the real-life Carlson Brothers . . . hockey maniacs . Two of the three " Hanson Brothers " in the film WERE Jeff and Steve Carlson . . . the guys who inspired the film . Want a great laugh ? " Slap Shot " is one of the great sleeper comedies of all time .
   923|0|My favorite movie of all time !
  9250|0|Classic Mel Brooks stuff . Sheer comedic brilliance .
  9311|0|Drink the drink !
  9411|0|Hilarious , good special effects , great storyline .
  9462|0|Black is phenominal here . But Cusack , hell I thought he was starring in the movie of my life for a while ( I not the total @ # $ % ! he is by the 3 / 4 way through mark . ) In my all time top 5 for sure .
  9488|0|It's 2 years of relationship therapy packed into 2 hours . A great deal !
   949|0|THe movie that kept me away from the beach for over three years ! Excellent music by John Williams and direction by Steven Speilberg . The DVD is fantastic !
  9542|0|This is my favourite ever movie . It has everything adventure , comedy cowboys , it's a road movie , it's a western , I just love it .
  9578|0|I read this book a year or two ago and absolutely hated it . I'm still not a big fan of Fielding , but I did enjoy this movie very much . I'm not quite sure why , but I found it very charming . I liked that Bridget was kinda chunky but she still got her groove on and was still sexy . I have a new respect for Renee Zellweger after watching this film-not only was her British accent not especially horrible , she played Bridget with a lovely mix of humor and thoughtfulness . And I absolutley LOVE Colin Firth and thought he played the dry , witty , Mark Darcy very well . ( Interesting note : he played Mr . Darcy in the A E version of Pride and Predjudice , the novel on which B . J . D is based , somewhat loosley in my opinion . ) Hugh Grant is surprisingly good and less floppy in this movie too . In all , I would highly recommend this movie to any romantic comedy movie fan . I love the last scene .
   963|0|Jaws is , of course , a classic which everyone should see and enjoy . One of the first movies who used such high technology for that day . After the country saw Jaws , people were actually afraid to swim in the oceans again .
  9636|0|Comedic entertainment at its best . And just talking about scenes from the movie can be every bit as fun and hilarious as watching it .
  9664|0|ITs the comedy that sets the standard !
  9807|0|I'm with atomicsox -- this is not a comedy and was not intended as one . It's a movie to be enjoyed . Some people can only enjoy a movie or TV show that parrots their own views ; they miss a great deal along the way , I think .
  9902|0|I LOVE SCARY MOVIE IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE EVER I THINK IT SHOULD GET A 10 ! BUT I THINK IT WAS I LITTLE BAD WITH THE SEXUAL CONTENT , VIOLENCE , DRUG USE LANGUAGE . BUT IT STILL ROCKS .
  9931|0|I liked this movie because it was hella funny . It managed to make fun of or incorporate all the scary movies and put it in one . It was also cool because all the funny stuff was totally unexpected .
